Psalm 61 to the chief musician on a
Psalm 61 to the chief musician on a stringed instrument a psalm of David
hear my cry O God attend to my prayer
hear my cry O God attend to my prayer from the end of the earth I will cry to
from the end of the earth I will cry to
from the end of the earth I will cry to you when my heart is overwhelmed lead me
you when my heart is overwhelmed lead me
you when my heart is overwhelmed lead me to the rock that is higher than I for
to the rock that is higher than I for
to the rock that is higher than I for you have been a shelter for me a strong
you have been a shelter for me a strong
you have been a shelter for me a strong tower from the enemy I will abide in
tower from the enemy I will abide in
tower from the enemy I will abide in your tabernacle for ever I will trust in
your tabernacle for ever I will trust in
your tabernacle for ever I will trust in the shelter of your wings for you O God
the shelter of your wings for you O God
the shelter of your wings for you O God have heard my vows you have given me the
have heard my vows you have given me the
have heard my vows you have given me the heritage of those who fear your name you
heritage of those who fear your name you
heritage of those who fear your name you will prolong the King's life his years
will prolong the King's life his years
will prolong the King's life his years as many generations he shall abide
as many generations he shall abide
as many generations he shall abide before God forever Oh prepare mercy and
before God forever Oh prepare mercy and
before God forever Oh prepare mercy and truth which may preserve him so I will
truth which may preserve him so I will
truth which may preserve him so I will sing praise to your name forever
sing praise to your name forever
sing praise to your name forever that I'm a daily perform my vows
that I'm a daily perform my vows
that I'm a daily perform my vows [Music]